Volto handson post training fixes (#569)
plone/training: docs/voltohandson/blocksmainslider.md

## Install react-slick

> We will use the react-slick library to help us animating a slider at the top of the page. To install it to your project run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use the `react-slick` library to animate a slider at the top of the page.
To install it to your project, run the following command:
```

We should have the main slider block in the home page now.
For now we will leave out how the edit component would look like for a later chapter.

## Block edit

> So far th Block will only look as expected in the View mode of a page. To also see the slider in the View you can simply import the `View` Component of the Block into the edit and render it there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far the Block will only look as expected in the View mode of a page.
To also see the slider in the View, you can import the `View` Component of the Block into the edit constant, and render it there:
```
